Add readme and update description (#25)
mirumee/macaw-ui: README.md

![Macaw-UI Logo](/stories/assets/macaw-ui-logo.svg)

Welcome to the MacawUI.

> This is an official React UI Kit for Saleor, a GraphQL-First e-commerce platform for perfectionists.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the official React UI Kit for Saleor—an open-source GraphQL-first and Next.js ready e-commerce platform.
```

> You can find most of the elements used in the creation of Saleor’s dashboard interface and use it to create projects for your specific purposes. Take a look a our [storybook docs](macaw-ui.vercel.app) for guides, component overview and project ideas.

Reviewer 2: storybook docs link doesn't work

Author: Oh nice catch

> You can find most of the elements used in the creation of Saleor’s dashboard interface and use it to create projects for your specific purposes. Take a look a our [storybook docs](macaw-ui.vercel.app) for guides, component overview and project ideas.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find most of the elements used in the creation of Saleor's dashboard interface and use it to create projects for your specific purposes. Take a look at our [storybook docs](macaw-ui.vercel.app). You can find guides, component overview, and project ideas there.
```

> Have a great time working on your projects and empowering your users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Have a great time working on your projects and empowering your users. If you have any questions, feel free to let us know on [GitHub Discussions](https://github.com/mirumee/saleor/discussions). 
```
